Then we have another task at the top and we know it is a falconer and a linking clone.
This diagram will explain a little about it.
When we use the fall clone we have a file copy us mean we copy the virtual disk and the snapshot in
this virtual machine and also the VM configuration we could all do that from this machine to virtual
machine big copy of them cooperation with Coppi the configuration of the virtual machine.
Also we could be all the virtual disk and it's not got any it's not to save it in this disk created
in this one.
This one has also its own snapshot from the original one.
I mean we can run our back of the snapshot in this virtual machine and David are the machine.
We keep using do last snapshot without any problem.
So also we have a disk you I.D. automatically made unique when he copy the disk the virtual disc Hey
give it a Majdi because every hard drive would have on.
Also the VM config if you back to the preview cards will create some configuration file.
Every virtual machine should have in the system and that operation system should have a unique ID every
operating system created with a unique ID.
If you run virtual machine operation system in aspecific network that's have the same ID you will have
a problem in integration or Active Directory and so on and so on.
So that every operation is essential to have a unique ID.
If you try to copy this virtual machine manually for example you got to store your copy the folder of
the virtual machine.
Then you posted in another host and then connect it to the host.
The host will ask you to use this virtual machine is a clone.
If you see us here we'll try to get it to do your operating system Id do a disk ID and the MAC address
of the machine and so on are necessary.
That needs to be changed.
It will do is if you say no this is not a virtual machine we don't have any copy of this but your machine
will connect to a virtual machine without any problem but draw the network.
You'll start seeing some problem.
You will have double a Mac that is the same MAC address in the machine the same unique ID of the disk
and the same unique ID of the operating system.
When you try to integrate or connect this virtual machine on a negative directory here will tell you
that the ID on the pension system already exist in our database.
You can't add the same to of your machine two times.
So this machine will not be arbitral connected to the active directory and a lot of other problem.
So when we make our file cloning the disk automatically made unique do our punishment system also have
a new unique ID the optional MAC address made unique it would create a new MAC address to the network
adapter and so on.
Also we have some option the Virtual Box monitor and client this literature connects the virtual machine
with the different software.
For example Virtual Box manager and client and some other tools.
Then we have the linkage clone when we use the linkit clone VM config is computed.
It could be the VM configuration we have copy of the VM configuration of course make editing of ADO
operations systemd idea of open them the name of the machine and so on.
A snapshot is taken out it's in this tradition we copied the file.
How driver know it we took only a snapshot from the source.
This is the virtual disk and the snapshot.
It will save a new hard drive or THAT'S have only the difference between your virtual machine and the
original virtual disk.
The clone is our child defense disk which should snapshot as parent.
That's mean he would use the change that's happened in this virtual machine and see it in a new disk
and then when you try to make a snapshot he will connect to this snapshot right here and revert back
to this snapshot.
But it is always dependent on the original snapshot of it right.
So this is the idea of ADO vim clone and link it can and will cover all the detail about a fun clone.
No it will try to cover some information about linkit clone so the next video.